Issuer registry - PVG (#488)
centrehq/verite: packages/docs/verite/issuers/issuer-registry-pvp.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Verite Issuer Registry PVP

The issuer registry pre-viable product (PVP) is a simple demonstration issuer registry without the [proper governance structure](/verite/overview/governance-overview) in place. 

## Usage/Intent of the PVP Verite Issuer Registry

> The PVP Verite Issuer Registry focuses exclusively on Issuer ID and authorization and leaves out of scope governance considerations. As such, this should be viewed as an experiment implementation for initial Verite issuers as the governance structure is being developed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PVP Verite Issuer Registry focuses exclusively on Issuer ID and authorization and leaves out of scope governance considerations. As such, this should be viewed as an experimental implementation for the initial Verite issuers as the governance structure is being developed, with only manual and Centre-governed additions and removals until such a time as Verite issuance can be communally self-governing.
```

> The NVG Verite Issuer Registry identifies entities authorized to issue Verite credentials (segmented by different credential types), along with associated metadata. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PVG Verite Issuer Registry identifies entities authorized to issue Verite credentials (segmented by different credential types); for each, it provides the exact DID-formatted issuer included in their Verite credentials, along with associated metadata. 
```

### Limitations, Assumptions, Scope (of this document and in general)

- Offchain verification: as Verite credential verification is an off-chain process, the issuer registry does not need to be on-chain
- Out of scope is Verite membership aspects of governance. 

## Design

The PVP issuer registry will be stored off-chain as a JSON file in Verite gihub repo (similar to Verite credential schemas and processes).

The structure, usage, semantics, and lightweight governance is described here.

All is to be interpreted as experimental for PVP and subject to revision.

### Roles

The following roles are referred to below
- Verite owners/administrators: 
    - Initially Verite github repo (centrehq) administrators.
    - Sole technical/logistic ability to approval and merge PRs 
    - Later to be replaced with real governance/membership scheme
- Verite participants:

>     - Signing Verite CLA is prerequisite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Signing the Verite Contributor License Agreement (CLA) is a prerequisite to be an issuer in the experimental phase or a co-designer of Verite credentials and tooling; once formal governance is launched, it will not be a requirement
```
